Refactor code action interfaces and classes to enable range based code actions (#36850)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: docs/language-server/ExtensionPoints.md

* Can be implemented using [interface](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/language-server/modules/langserver-commons/src/main/java/org/ballerinalang/langserver/commons/codeaction/spi/DiagnosticBasedCodeActionProvider.java) `DiagnosticBasedCodeActionProvider`
and loaded using Java Service loader [interface]((https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/language-server/modules/langserver-commons/src/main/java/org/ballerinalang/langserver/commons/codeaction/spi/LSCodeActionProvider.java)) `LSCodeActionProvider`.
##### Diagnostic Based Code Action Sample
```java
@JavaSPIService("org.ballerinalang.langserver.commons.codeaction.spi.LSCodeActionProvider")
public class CreateVariableCodeAction implements DiagnosticBasedCodeActionProvider {
    @Override
    public List<CodeAction> getCodeActions(Diagnostic diagnostic, DiagBasedPositionDetails positionDetails,
                                           CodeActionContext context) {
        // return list of code-actions
    }
}
```
<a name="CodeActionRange"></a>

#### 2. Range Based Code Action

> * Whenever the syntaxKind of the selected range(highlighted code range) matches pre-defined set of scenarios, these type of code-actions are getting triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Whenever the syntaxKind of the selected range(highlighted code range) matches pre-declared set of syntax kinds, these type of code-actions are getting triggered.
```

> * Whenever the syntaxKind of the selected range(highlighted code range) matches pre-defined set of scenarios, these type of code-actions are getting triggered.

Reviewer: Our changes did not affect the compiler plugin code actions. For now, let's keep it unchanged
